Viewers like you make
this program possible.
Support your local PBS station.
Cheers.
My pleasure. Vicar.
I can't get my head around it.
Tilly Mayflower?
The model of the moment.
will be wearing a CeCe's dress.
But she usually wears Courreges.
We can't compete with this.
Wouldn't take much more
than a small gust of wind
to sweep her clean away.
Soon you'll be able to get
CeCe's onto the King's Road.
And after that. who knows?
Paris. New York.
Steady on. How about
we trot back to reality.
At the end of the day
a good business
is about turnover
and making profit.
I trust you sent the bill.
We can't be delivering garments
with no payment.
We're not a charity.
Tilly Mayflower
in a CeCe's dress
is an opportunity
not to be missed.
She's changed her mind.
-Cathy.
-Oh.
Hello. CeCe's Boutique...
Cathy speaking... Keating...
Uh... Cathy Keating speaking.
How may I help?
Oh. hello.
Really? Okay.
No. no. not a problem.
Yes. I do.
Oh... bye then.
Tilly Mayflower won't have time
to come to the shop
-for a fitting.
-Typical.
Instead her manager has asked us
to take the dress to her
this evening at Sady's.
Oh...
Where on earth is that?
Well. it's the new private
members club in Cambridge.
Very elite.
And what if the dress
doesn't fit? What then?
These people.
they just expect you
to do their bidding
with their fancy places
and their fancy ideas.
-I can go.
-No need.
I'll go.
I thought we were having
-supper with the Browns?
-They'll understand.
It's a bit
late in the day. Sylvia.
I'll telephone them now.
Uh. uh. uh...
You go and enjoy yourself.
Mrs C.
Mrs Chapman.
Apologies. You go
and enjoy yourself. Mrs Chapman.
-Cathy and I can handle this.
-Of course they can.
What did I tell you?
You better get used
to that champagne lifestyle.
Oh. crikey.
I need to get a move on.
Uh... I'm going
to need to change.
I haven't got time to go home.
Best let Geordie know
he'll be making his own supper.
Don't be daft.
He's perfectly capable.
Still. a man has the right
to know where his wife is...
and with whom.
Sorry to bother you. Boss.
We've just had a call
from Mrs Lewis.
She thinks Gerald's been taken.
Who's Gerald?
Her cat.
You're joking.
I know. but she sounded
quite distressed
and she has just
lost her husband.
Can a man not eat
the cheese and pickle sandwich
in peace?
So. Vicar. should we be worried?
You do have God on your side.
I'm an atheist.
God's no poker player.
Don't worry about him. Vicar.
He can't handle his booze.
It's Alphy.
Call me Alphy.
Oh.
Is it always
this quiet. Malcolm?
No. no. sir. No. we've actually
been quite busy since we opened.
However. Miss Mayflower's agent
requested that we close
the club this evening.
for her privacy.
She has rather the following
of photographers.
And we strive for discretion
for our guests here at Sady's.
I believe you are the lady
responsible for this.
Yes.
It's fabulous. darling.
Clarke Barron. Tilly's manager.
Muah. Muah.
Switch.
I love it.
Oh. I've been so worried.
I've never done
a blind fitting before.
And for someone like you.
It's wonderful. really. Mrs...
Please call me Cathy.
Oh. Malcolm. will you bring us
a couple of bottles
of your finest champagne?
-Ice cold.
-Of course. sir.
This is Kara.
Our wonderful hostess.
She'll be looking
after you this evening.
Anything you need.
Miss Mayflower. Mrs Keating.
please don't hesitate to ask.
Champagne.
That's extremely
generous of you.
The dress was a steal.
We should have charged
you more then.
It's good for Tilly's image
to be seen
to support local enterprises.
You wouldn't believe
that models need to be
more than just a...
face and a body these days.
It's so unbelievably tedious.
When can we leave?
I'm tired. Clarkey.
I'll get you an espresso.
-Ah.
-Oh.
-Mmm.
-Mmm...
I think we can safely say
that this is a big success.
What's going on?
She doesn't seem very happy.
Don't be fooled by that
"too cool for school"
model look.
Cheers.
Oh. my word.
I told you.
you'd better get used to it.
This is just the beginning.
Raise.
I'm out.
I'm out. too.
Still in.
Good man.
Cilla's just got
the most adorable voice.
And she's my age!
Oh. she's gonna be a star.
I'm sure of it.
-She does have potential.
-Mmm.
Oh. Bubbles
go straight to my head.
I know. darling.
What time is it?
Oh. it's... coming up to 9:30.
Oh. I should be getting home.
Is everything all right?
I'm going to find my coat.
Malcolm?
Oh. my God.
Looks like it's just
the two of us again. Vicar.
Still relying on
divine intervention.
What's it gonna be. Alphy?
You in or out?
Should've stuck with it Alphy.
I had absolutely nothing.
Oh. that was
one hell of a bluff.
Better luck next time. Alphy.
What the hell
are you doing here?
Oh. the dress.
Tilly wanted us to come here
instead of the shop.
Mrs C's here as well?
She couldn't make it.
Who found him?
I did.
It stopped at 8:45.
And nothing like a dead body
to sober you up. huh?
Well. whoever strangled him
didn't do it for the money.
This is Kara Quenn.
She's the hostess here.
Has anybody left the club since
you made the call to us?
No. No one. We're closed to
other members this evening.
Meaning the killer
could still be in the building.
We need to question
everyone here.
I wanna get out of here.
I have to go.
They're following me.
I can't be here.
It's all right love.
Remember. what the doctor said.
A man's been murdered.
Tilly often sees and hears
things when she's under stress.
The doctor's prescribed pills
for these episodes.
-And you are?
-Clarke Barron.
Her manager.
Is there anyone we can call
for you? Your parents?
No need.
It's a hell of a shock
for a young woman.
Darling. you've known Tilly
all of five minutes.
Tilly will be fine
once she has her rest.
Isn't that right. darling?
Please. Clarkey.
I wanna go home.
Right.
No one leaves until
we've searched the building.
You are not the man.
Alphy?
Gambling?
I am at liberty
to do what I please
outside the church.
Not when it's illegal.
you bloody can't!
And you know it.
Plus. you've managed
to place yourself bang
in the centre
of a murder investigation.
Oh. come on.
I wasn't to know. was I?
Listen...
I'm prepared to turn
a blind eye to the gambling.
Oh. it's big of you. Thanks.
Don't push it.
But I'll need to see you
down the station tomorrow.
What?
You can't seriously be
treating me like a suspect?
Hey. whoever did this
is clearly...
Enough.
Alphy. go home. sober up.
and I'll see you tomorrow
as a witness.
Well. good luck
doing this without me.
I'll give it my best shot.
Right. fellas.
tell me about
the poker game back there.
I should've stayed in the pub.
I should've never
listened to you.
And what about Malcolm?
He was fine when we saw him.
When was that exactly?
This afternoon.
when he took us to the room.
And none of you had any contact
with him again after that?
He didn't come back in the room
to check on the game at all?
Nah.
He knew we wouldn't get rowdy.
so he left us to it.
Malc's an old friend.
He's letting us
use the room to play.
His mother is going
to be devastated.
So. Miss Mayflower.
what brought you here tonight?
Where's Clarke?
Look. I'm interested in hearing
what you have to say. Tilly.
Makes a change.
Mostly. people speak for me.
That must be wearing.
I am a project for him.
all of them.
This business
is full of people trying.
trying to be
someone to... to make it.
To sell something.
sell themselves.
It's all so tiring.
That's why it's nice
to meet that Cathy.
Yeah. she's... she's different.
A real person
who... who thinks for herself.
feels things. and cares.
-Tilly. Can I ask...
-Jean. actually.
Jean Jones.
Tilly Mayflower
isn't my real name.
Even that was chosen for me.
Tell me. had you met Malcolm
before this evening?
-Who?
-The manager of this place.
The man who was found dead?
Oh...
Yeah. of course.
Silly me. erm...
I mean. no. I've never
been here before.
and... I don't really
remember seeing him.
But you did see him because
he closed the club for you.
You thanked him and the hostess.
Did I?
Oh... I can't remember.
You can't remember much.
can you. Tilly?
It's these pills. erm...
There was this lady
looking after us.
but I can't remember her name.
Erm...
Sorry. I...
-Are you all right?
-Yeah...
I just...
feel a little. erm...
Here...
Small sips. big breaths.
Tell me. Tilly.
When was the last time
you had anything to eat. love?
I don't know.
Cheese and pickle?
Mmm.
Mmm...
Can I ask about your episodes?
Do you ever feel out of control?
Do things that perhaps
you don't remember?
Tilly...
Things that are
out of character?
I know what you're suggesting...
But I would never do anything
to intentionally hurt anyone.
I couldn't.
I'm a Buddhist.
I should be with Tilly.
Mmm.
You're not keen on letting her
out of your sight.
are you. Mr Barron. hmm?
What are you so afraid of?
That she'll say something
you're unable to control.
implicate you in some way?
I have absolutely
nothing to hide.
I am a talent manager.
not a serial killer.
The only crimes I deal with
are the ones against fashion.
What does your wife make
of your relationship with Tilly?
A little unethical.
don't you think?
Having an affair with a client.
We can't help who we fall for.
Hmm. See. we found
an envelope full of cash
in Malcolm Riley's pocket.
And we know you asked him
to close the club
for a few hours
to preserve privacy.
Perhaps that was for your
own benefit rather than Tilly's.
Did you pay him
for his discretion?
Did he cotton on to your affair
and ask for more?
Did you lash out.
or did Tilly lash out
and you're covering for her?
Did this affair
cost a man his life?
I fail to see
what our relationship has to do
with any of this nonsense.
-Oh. it's nonsense?
-Yeah.
A man has been murdered.
Not by me.
I've never even met
the man before.
I've barely had
any contact with him.
Look. I hate to speak
ill of the dead.
but he seems rather forgettable.
Perhaps you should
be speaking to that
hostess girl.
And why is that?
I'm an observer
of women's bodies. Detective.
It's my job.
Her body language towards him
was as cold as ice.
Mark my words.
Something happened between them.
Why don't you tell me
about this poker game happening
at the time of the murder?
I didn't know about it.
Well. Surely you had to go
to the kitchen
and the storeroom
to serve your guests.
You didn't hear anything?
Why didn't Malcolm tell you
about the game?
Especially as you were the only
two staff working this evening?
It was illegal. wasn't it?
He probably didn't want
to get in trouble.
Did you and Malcolm
have a trusting relationship?
I suppose.
We have a witness who says
you were being frosty with him.
Why was that?
Did you. in fact
find out about the game?
Did you fall out about it?
-Is that why you attacked him?
-I didn't.
Tell me...
are you Kara with a K?
Yeah. Why?
We found this
in Malcolm's pocket.
Does this money
belong to you. Kara?
-Yeah.
-Why did he have it?
It's my wages.
Are you sure about that?
What did you do to Malcolm?
I didn't do anything to Malcolm.
I don't know what he was up to.
But it had nothing
to do with me.
So he was up to something.
Marcus is usually up by now.
Do you not think
we should leave them alone?
We don't want to intrude
on their time together.
especially as we don't know...
I'm simply going to check
if they need anything.
That's all.
Then we'll go.
Promise.
Raymond. it's Leonard.
-How's your father?
-Shh... he's sleeping.
He had a bad night.
Oh.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's okay. I'm just trying
to be quiet now so he can rest.
I'm really hungry...
Daniel and I
are on our way to breakfast.
Oh yes.
Yes. we are indeed.
Why don't I write your father
a note to explain
that you've come with us
and you'll be back soon.
How does sausage. egg
chips and beans sound?
Chips? For breakfast?
Come on. Get a scrap of paper
and let's leave
your father in peace.
I know what you're going to say.
That we should get some
fried bread on the side.
Remind me.
why were you at Sady's?
I told you.
Tilly Mayflower would be wearing
a CeCe's dress.
Jam or marmalade?
Half and half. please.
Well. how come Mrs C
wasn't with you?
Why are you asking me
about this?
Shouldn't you be focusing
on finding out
who strangled that poor man?
Why was he there?
Mr Switch?
We're trying to make
CeCe's a success.
Of course.
-Sugar?
-Two please.
Two?
What?
Well. you've only
ever wanted one.
How was Tilly
when you spoke to her?
I'm not sure whether her
erratic behaviour is an act.
No. I don't think so.
The way she clung to me
felt like she needed comfort.
Must be so hard for a young
woman in a world like that.
Constantly under the spotlight.
She's so young. Geordie.
She reminded me of Esme.
What did you make
of her manager?
Very protective. wouldn't
let her out of his sight.
So he was there
the whole evening?
Mmm...
And the hostess.
Oh. she was in and out
with the drinks.
I thought expensive champagne
wasn't supposed
to give you a sore head.
I think it's the volume
that makes the difference.
I found a newspaper report
claiming Tilly Mayflower
got in a rage
and pushed a photographer.
Tilly does seem to be
a bit of a live wire.
But she also has several alibis.
Plus. I mean.
she's 90 pounds soaking wet.
so unlikely to have
overpowered Malcolm Riley.
Anything on Clarke Barron?
Investigated for fraud.
-Oh. yeah.
-Found to be innocent.
Oh.
Kara. The hostess.
She claims not to have known
the poker game was happening.
But I'm not so sure.
-You all right?
-No.
I can't sit.
I can't stand and don't even
get me started on sleeping.
Larry. Hmm.
Honestly. I'm not sure how much
longer we can keep this up.
At some point. we're gonna
have to make a decision.
I have to go to the bathroom.
She's been crying a lot.
That happens. I don't think
it's just the pregnancy
I'll talk to her.
In the meantime. can you speak
to Malcolm Riley's mother?
Find out anything you can
about his work life
and his relationship with Kara.
I need to make some phone calls.
Where's all this
money coming from?
We haven't sold that much stock.
-It doesn't add up.
-Oh...
That is quite an imbalance.
It's that Mr Switch.
He's up to something.
He's got Cathy
in the palm of his hand.
she won't hear
a word against him.
But these figures prove there is
something very definitely amiss.
Time for drastic measures.
Oh. no. no. No. Sylvia.
Let's start by going through
all his personal papers
see if we can find
anything incriminating.
And we'll have to track
his movements. work out where
this money is coming from.
-We?
-No secret agent works alone.
Well. this is different.
Thanks for coming in.
Not like I had a choice.
So...
you don't want me
on the other side anymore. then?
You can't come along
and investigate crimes
if you're
a bloody criminal. Alphy.
I'm here as a witness. Geordie.
What's going on with you?
Right. can you tell me what you
remember about the poker game?
Hmm.
Er...
I met Leighton at the pub.
we got chatting.
he mentioned a game.
I thought. why not.
Malcolm Riley
showed us to the room.
handed over a bottle of scotch
and some glasses.
we started playing.
I didn't see him again
after that.
So you four
-were the only ones in the room.
-Mmm.
Uh... Well.
apart from the hostess.
-The hostess?
-Mmm.
Are you sure?
I wasn't that drunk. Geordie.
How drunk were you?
Is that relevant?
Well. you've always known
when to stop.
So I can't have a few drinks
without being judged.
I'm just trying to work out what
happened to the Alphy I know.
-And why do you care?
-Because I'm your mate?
I don't understand
where this is coming from.
You were asking
about the hostess?
-Yes.
-Yeah. she was there
and pretty incompetent with it.
She... she spilled a drink
all over me.
Insisted on cleaning it up.
I just wanted
to get on with the game.
Could that
have been a distraction
to get a look at your cards?
Well. she was odd.
She came in and plunked ice
and lemon in our glasses.
Now. we were all drinking neat
and since when do you
put lemon in neat whiskey?
And was it the same amount
of ice in each glass?
No.
No. now I think about it.
It was... very random.
And the lemon.
Or deliberate?
-To give signals to...
-Leighton.
Yeah. I would've beaten him.
I mean. I had a weak hand.
but he had nothing.
He could only have been
that confident.
bluffing if he knew my hand.
It sounds like
the whole thing was a sting.
Ah...
Oh. my word.
I shouldn't have had
that third sausage.
But I'm so full
you and Leonard are gonna
have to roll me down the street.
What cake is that?
Looks like black forest gateau.
You can't still be hungry.
It's my dad's favourite.
I forgot to get bread.
Won't be a tick.
It'll be all right.
I promise.
You won't be alone.
Oh. my word.
Black Forest Gateau.
You're such a good lad.
If only I could be there.
This looks too delicious
for words.
Lovely hat. Mrs C.
Alphy says they only
saw Malcolm Riley
once that evening
when he showed them in here.
But the whole game
feels like a setup.
What time do you make it?
Quarter past two.
That's a half hour slow.
Well. either it's not been
wound up properly.
or it's been deliberately
tampered with.
You've been lying
to us all along.
You were part of this thing.
weren't you. Kara?
No idea
what you're talking about.
You were using
ice cubes in their drinks
to signal to Leighton. Hmm?
And what was Malcolm's
involvement in all of this?
Did you and Leighton
decide to cut him out?
-Is that why you murdered him?
-No.
I don't know what happened!
But we've got
a pretty good idea. Kara.
It'll be a lot worse for you
if you don't tell us.
Me. Malcolm and Leighton.
we fixed the game
for Leighton to win.
Malcolm was nervous.
but Leighton convinced him
he could make us all money.
Do you think it's possible
that Malcolm changed his mind?
Got cold feet?
He wanted the money to put
towards a house for his mother.
But he was worried
he was going to lose his job.
Malcolm was weak.
I hadn't met Leighton before.
but I've got the feeling he was
a difficult person to say no to.
How well did you know Leighton?
Myself and Drew are old friends.
We met Leighton at our local
a couple of times.
and he invited us
for a game of poker.
And you'd never
met Malcolm before?
No.
But Leighton said
Malcolm was a mate
and he'd let us play
at the club undisturbed.
He was pretty keen
on having the game.
He said it'd be free booze
and winner takes all.
We thought. "Why not?"
Makes a change from a few pints
and a game of darts
in our local.
At what point did you discover
the game was fixed?
-What?
-I'm afraid so.
You. Kevin and Alphy.
you were all set up.
No wonder he was so pushy
about the game.
And getting
that vicar involved too.
He lost the most.
How did Leighton behave
during the game?
He was confident. Mmm.
Cocky. even. Kev felt bad
for the vicar bloke.
Tried to warn him.
if he didn't have
a strong hand he should fold.
How did Leighton react
when Kevin
tried to help the vicar?
Oh. he wasn't there.
Where was he?
In the gents.
What time was this?
About 8:15. I was half cut.
but I do remember
looking at the clock
because I was a bit worried
about the missus going off
at me for getting in late.
The clock on the wall?
Yeah.
That poker game
was very important to you.
wasn't it. Leighton?
Important enough that you would
alter a clock to slow down time
making your opponents
think they hadn't been
playing for as long as they had.
And by changing the clock.
you also allowed yourself
to have an alibi
for the time of the murder.
As the others believed it to be
half an hour earlier
than it actually was.
You're the only person who left
the room during the poker game.
I've done the walk
from the cloakroom
down to the poker room and back.
Plenty of time to strangle a man
and be back in your seat
cards in hand.
without your
inebriated fellow players
noticing a hair out of place.
You were also helped by the fact
that the club
was closed to anyone else.
-Cheers!
-You sound lovely.
Apart from Tilly Mayflower
and her guests. all distracted
by vast quantities
of expensive champagne.
When I spoke to you
shortly after we found his body.
you seemed upset
but not shocked about Malcolm.
Was that remorse?
You. Kara and Malcolm
were in on it together.
Only Malcolm was the weak link.
Is it possible he wanted out?
Because that's what
you were arguing about
in the cloakroom. weren't you?
You weren't gonna
let him ruin it for you.
Take your time.
It's been tough recently.
My boss threatened to fire me.
and I got a ton of bills
overdue. it just got...
It all just got too much.
I really needed that cash.
Tell us
what happened with Malcolm.
He said we should end the game
and give everyone
their money back.
I've been angry before. but...
This time I couldn't stop.
I knew when I had my hands
around his neck. I should stop.
But I just couldn't.
I was desperate.
If only you could turn
the clock back now. eh?
Why are you locking up?
I'm not opening this afternoon.
I beg your pardon.
It's a church. not a grocer's.
Yeah. well. I doubt
I'd be of much use to anyone.
Look. Alphy.
we need to make a plan
for what's going to happen
to Raymond after Marcus dies.
We're all rallying around
right now and everyone's doing
an admirable job
of chipping in to help.
But Raymond's going
to need full-time care
and very possibly
sooner than we think.
We need to know
where he's going to end up.
Have you informed
Children's Services?
He might need to be
in the care of a boy's home.
Those places are awful.
Well. they were
good enough for me.
The Church
should be helping him.
Leonard. I'm a vicar.
not a social worker.
By all means. make him yours.
But that child
is not my problem.
Cathy.
I am busy. Sylvia.
This can't wait.
It's Mr Switch.
He's a confidence trickster...
a swindler.
What are you talking about?
We observed him.
He met a lady friend.
gave her flowers
and then took
papers of hers to the bank
to steal her money no doubt.
You mean his sister.
Beg pardon?
He's signing the papers
for his sister
to get a bank loan.
You know. like Jack did
for us to get this place.
Oh. my word.
did you and Jack follow him?
There is something amiss.
I can't believe this.
I saw this with my own eyes.
Sylvia...
Sorry to interrupt...
I know I don't have
an appointment.
but I could really do
with your help.
Is this what I think it is?
I wish I didn't have to lose
my best member of staff.
No offence to your old man.
And I wish you were
Chief Inspector now.
Even then. I wouldn't be able
to change the policy.
A married woman
cannot work in the force.
You knew that.
Hey. it'll be all right.
Just...
You know. parenting
is the best job in the world.
So you should grab it...
just drink it in.
Because as quick
as a flash. it's over.
And they don't need you anymore.
I have missed so many
precious moments.
and I'll never get them back.
Because I put work first.
The difference is. Geordie.
you had a choice.
Everything okay?
Woah...
How do you feel?
Like Jean Jones.
Well. you look like her as well.
For the first time in my life.
I feel like I'm being true
to who I am. who I really am.
To Jean!
That is the most
important thing. my darling.
Thank you. so. so much.
What the hell
are you playing at?
You can't just wander off.
Come on.
I don't think so.
We happen to be
in the middle of a fitting.
So. I'm going to ask you
to leave our premises
and give the lady some privacy.
I'm going nowhere without Tilly.
You best go find her. then.
Jean has more clothes to try on.
What are you talking about?
Don't be so ridiculous.
you stupid girl.
You're fired.
What?
You heard her.
You're fired.
Now sling your hook.
You need to leave.
You are done.
On the contrary.
She's just getting started.
Oh...
Not a good time.
Open the door. Alphy.
Well. come in. why don't you?
I thought you should know
Leighton confessed
to killing Malcolm Riley.
Well. I can't believe
I didn't see it.
Hmm... Well. you were pie-eyed.
Yeah. Okay. I should have
suspected something.
Don't make this
about you. Alphy.
Well. is he
your new sidekick. is he?
Actually. Leonard came to see me
because he was
worried about you.
And he's not the only one.
You've been
neglecting your duties.
Oh. for goodness' sake. Leonard.
is this about the kid again?
You aren't prepared
to help look after a child
who is about to be orphaned
but you can quite happily
hole up in some seedy club
and gamble with a murderer.
And they'd better not
have been vicarage funds.
Of course not.
Why should I believe you?
You're not behaving
in a very Christian manner
and you are certainly
not behaving
as a man of the cloth should.
You mean how you would.
You don't know how privileged
you are to hold such a position.
-Privilege?
-Everything I went through.
I never lost faith. not once.
Even when it felt as if
everything was against me.
I still clung on to...
Oh. give it a rest
will you. Leonard?
Look. I'm sorry the bishop
rejected you. really I am.
But look at what you have got.
You do God's work running
the halfway house.
you get to live
with your partner
and yet. here you are.
Still clinging on
to the past for dear life.
Hang on.
That's a bit rich. isn't it?
-What?
-Your mother.
-What about her?
-The way she treated you?
Is that why you're
behaving like this?
Rejecting everyone around you
who's trying to help!
You would not have a job
if it weren't for me
helping you over the years.
And now what.
you want to chuck it all in.
put yourself
out there to pasture
in some mind-numbing desk job.
And ignore me...
like you do your family.
You are not a copper.
You've only just noticed?
You can't exactly
call yourself a vicar. either.
You know what I'm...
I'm not listening to any more
of this hypocritical.
sanctimonious rubbish.
And I want you to leave.
Now.
I've tried with you.
Alphy. I really have.
I have given you
friendship. support...
love. even.
But I'm tired of it all.
You have your wish.
From now on. you're on your own.